Factories
Other than in its native birthplace, Germany, Mercedes-Benz vehicles are or have been partly manufactured or assembled in:

Sovereign state	Continent	Note
 Algeria	Africa	Manufactures buses and trucks in cooperation with SNVI (Actros, Zetros, Unimog, and G-Class, Sprinter).
 Argentina	South America	Manufactures buses, trucks, the Vito and the Sprinter van. This is the first Mercedes-Benz factory outside of Germany. Built in 1951.[47]
 Australia	Australia	Various models were assembled at the Australian Motor Industries facility in Port Melbourne from 1959 to 1965.[48]
 Austria	Europe	G-Class[49]
 Bosnia and Herzegovina	Europe	
 Brazil	South America	Manufactures trucks and buses. Established in 1956. The A-Class (W168) was produced from 1999 to 2005 and the C-Class was produced until 2010 as well.[50]
 Canada	North America	Fuel cell plant in Burnaby, British Columbia, opened 2012.
 Colombia	South America	Assembly of buses, Established in Soacha 2012 and Funza 2015
 China	Asia	Beijing Benz, manufactures A-Class, C-Class, E-Class, GLA, GLB, GLC and EQC for mainland China market.
 Denmark	Europe	Bohnstedt-Petersen A/S assembled the models 130 and W136 between 1935 and 1955, although no production took place during the Second World War. Between 1955 and 1966 the models W120, W121 and W110, together with the van L319 and a number of trucks and buses, were assembled by the company in Hillerød. Assembly of special variants of Mercedes-Benz trucks continued until 1984.[51]
 Egypt	Africa	Via Egyptian German Automotive Company E-Class, C-Class and GLK
 Finland	Europe	Valmet Automotive, New A-series (W176) is manufactured in Uusikaupunki since late 2013, being the first Mercedes-Benz passenger car ever built in that country.
 Hungary [52]	Europe	Manufacturing plant in Kecskemét, making B-Class and CLA.[53]
 Jordan	Middle East	Bus company factory, Elba House, Amman.
 India	Asia	Pune (C-Class, E-Class, S-Class, GLA, GLE and some AMG models).[54] Chennai (Daimler India Commercial Vehicles Pvt. Ltd.) Buses, Trucks & Engine Manufacturing unit, Bangalore (R&D), Jamshedpur with Tata Motors at Tata Motors.[55]
 Indonesia[56]	Asia	Wanaherang (A-Class, C-Class, E-Class, S-Class, GLA, GLC, GLE, GLS, and select entry level AMG models).
Cikarang (Axor, Buses).
 Iran[57]	Asia	
 Malaysia	Asia	Assembly of C, E and S class vehicles by DRB-HICOM.
 Mexico	North America	Mercedes-Benz Mexico fully manufactures some Mercedes and Daimler vehicles completely from locally built parts (C-Class, E-Class, M-Class, International trucks, Axor, Atego, and Mercedes Buses), manufactures other models in complete knock down kits (CL-Class, CLK-Class, SL-Class, SLK-Class) and manufactures a select number of models in semi knockdown kits which use both imported components and locally sourced Mexican components (S-Class, CLS-Class, R-Class, GL-Class, Sprinter).
 Nigeria	Africa	Assembly of buses, trucks, utility motors and the Sprinter van[58]
 Russia	Eurasia	Joint venture Mercedes-Benz Car Trucks Vostok in Naberezhnye Chelny (jointly Kamaz). Available in trucks Actros, Axor, multi-purpose auto four wheel drive medium trucks Unimog. Mercedes-Benz Sprinter Classic is also produced in Russia.
 Serbia	Europe	FAP produces Mercedes-Benz trucks under license.
 Spain	Europe	Factory at Vitoria-Gasteiz Mercedes-Benz Vito, Viano and V-Class have been built there.
 South Africa[59]	Africa	The assembly plant is located in East London, in the Eastern Cape province, where both right and left hand versions of the C-class are built.
 South Korea	Asia	Mercedes-Benz Musso and MB100; Ssangyong Rexton Mercedes-Benz models manufactured by SsangYong Motor Company.
 Taiwan	Asia	Assembly of Actros by the Shung Ye Group[60]
 Thailand	Asia	Completely Knocked Down (CKD) production of A, GLA, C, E, S Classes and Semi-Knocked Down (SKD) production of C-coupe, GLC, GLC-coupe, GLE and CLS.[61] Additionally, local production of Mercedes-AMG such as C43, E53 and CLS53 have been integrated to the existing production lines.[62] The factory is operated by contract manufacture the Thonburi Group under supervision of Mercedes-Benz Manufacturing (Thailand).[63]
 Turkey	Eurasia	Mercedes-Benz Türk A.Ş.[64] Some of Mercedes-Benz busses like "Travego" and "Tourismo" were built at Hoşdere plant. Apart from manufacturing, R-D and aftersales were also available.[65][66]
 United Kingdom	Europe	The SLR sports car was built at the McLaren Technology Centre in Woking. Brackley, Northamptonshire, is home to the Mercedes Grand Prix factory, and Brixworth, Northamptonshire is the location of Mercedes-Benz HighPerformanceEngines
 United States	North America	The Mercedes-Benz GLE-Class Sport Utility, the full-sized GL-Class Luxury Sport Utility and the Mercedes-Benz C-Class vehicles are all built at the Mercedes-Benz U.S. International production facility near Tuscaloosa, Alabama.[67] Trucks (6,000 per year in the early eighties) were once assembled in Hampton, Virginia.[68]
 Vietnam	Asia	Assembly of E-Class, C-Class, S-Class, GLK-Class and Sprinter. Established in 1995.[69]
